Implementation of optimal Hamiltonian decompositions in single qubit measurements of arXiv:2207.09479 (#2852)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Added 'qml.sign_expand' tape tranforms which implements the optimal decomposition of a fast-forwardable Hamiltonian that minimizes the variance of its estimator in the Single-Qubit-Measurement from  arXiv:2207.09479
  [(#2852)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2852)

> * Add the controlled CZ gate: CCZ.

Reviewer: Remove this

Author: Removed

* Added `qml.THermitian` observable for measuring user-specified Hermitian matrix observables for qutrit circuits.
  [#2784](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2784)

> * Added 'qml.sign_expand' tape tranforms which implements the the optimal decomposition of a fast-forwardable Hamiltonian that minimizes the variance of its estimator in the Single-Qubit-Measurement from  arXiv:2207.09479

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a `qml.sign_expand` transform that implements the optimal decomposition of a fast-forwardable
Hamiltonian that minimizes the variance of its estimator in the Single-Qubit-Measurement from  arXiv:2207.09479
```
